README.md, before:

# The Walters

## Introduction
The Walters is a indie rock-band who will be performing in Singapore at the hard-rock cafe outlet (Orchard & Sentosa respectively) on the last weekend in the month of July to October 2019.  

The main objective of the website is to showcase their current discography as well as providing a platform for the visitors to RSVP to their events or reach out to their social media profile. 

## UX
As the band is relatively young (establish in 2014) with limited discography hence there will be limited contents in term of history & media.

I have planned the website to be a single-page scrolling layout hence the user will be able to view all information within a single page.  

The site acts as a supplementary site on top of their exisitng social media platform . 

Based on the tone of their music (indie/alternative rock), I have selected a color scheme that reflects more on retro/nostalgia theme.

## Technologies
1.HTML  
2.CSS  
3.Bootstrap (v4.3.1)  
4.Font Awesome (v4.7)  
5.Google Fonts  
6.Jquery

## Features
The interactive features are as of following:  
- Social Media buttons under main group name (Facebook/Twitter/Instagram/Youtube)
- The RSVP Button for visitors to RSVP to the event
- Spotify embedded player for vistors to have sneak peek of the song on site itself
- Youtube player for viewing of their music video 

## Testing
The layout has been tested on Macbook/iPad Mini(2018) /Pixel 2 XL/iPhone SE covering various screen-size.
I found out that 8 digits HEX code does not work with Microsoft Edge browser hence I have converted all the hex code into RBGA color code instead.

All the social media buttons has been linked directly to their band's exisitng social network profile.

Embbeded spotify will play 30 seconds preview of each song and users will be able prompted to continue listening the full album on Spotify application (both on desktop and mobile devices)

Clicking on the RSVP link under schedule will brings the visitors to EventBrite site which is an online event management platform where users are able to RSVP/purchase event entry tickets.

## Credits 

### Content 
The Walters Band

Wikipedia (For band introduction)

### Media
Thesedays.news interview (For members profile)
Youtube (For video content)
Spotify (For music content)

### Design
Codepen.io design inspiration for The Walters logo (https://codepen.io/ThibaultJanBeyer/pen/xOgmvz)

Commit message:

removed fixed attachment background & rearrange profile

README.md, after:

# The Walters

## Introduction
The Walters is a indie rock-band who will be performing in Singapore at the hard-rock cafe outlet (Orchard & Sentosa respectively) on the last weekend in the month of July to October 2019.  

The main objective of the website is to showcase their current discography as well as providing a platform for the visitors to RSVP to their events or reach out to their social media profile. 

## UX
As the band is relatively young (establish in 2014) with limited discography hence there will be limited contents in term of history & media.

I have planned the website to be a single-page scrolling layout hence the user will be able to view all information within a single page.  

The site acts as a supplementary site on top of their exisitng social media platform . 

Based on the tone of their music (indie/alternative rock), I have selected a color scheme that reflects more on retro/nostalgia theme.

## Technologies
1.HTML  
2.CSS  
3.Bootstrap (v4.3.1)  
4.Font Awesome (v4.7)  
5.Google Fonts  
6.Jquery

## Features
The interactive features are as of following:  
- Social Media buttons under main group name (Facebook/Twitter/Instagram/Youtube)
- The RSVP Button for visitors to RSVP to the event
- Spotify embedded player for vistors to have sneak peek of the song on site itself
- Youtube player for viewing of their music video 

## Testing
The layout has been tested on Macbook/iPad Mini(2018) /Pixel 2 XL/iPhone SE covering various screen-size.

I found out that 8 digits HEX code does not work with Microsoft Edge browser hence I have converted all the hex code into RBGA color code instead.

The carousel buttons with < & > were found overlapping the nav bar/footer hence I have hide its visibility while maintaining its function to click/scroll over the pictures.

Removed fixed background-attachment as it is not working with mobile browser.

All the social media buttons has been linked directly to their band's exisitng social network profile.

Embbeded spotify will play 30 seconds preview of each song and users will be able prompted to continue listening the full album on Spotify application (both on desktop and mobile devices)

Clicking on the RSVP link under schedule will brings the visitors to EventBrite site which is an online event management platform where users are able to RSVP/purchase event entry tickets.

## Credits 

### Content 
The Walters Band
Wikipedia (For band introduction)

### Media
Thesedays.news interview (For members profile)
The Walters @ Youtube (For video content)
The Walters @ Spotify (For music content)

### Design
Codepen.io design inspiration for The Walters logo (https://codepen.io/ThibaultJanBeyer/pen/xOgmvz)
